* Use Wikitionary API for more nuanced rhymes. For example, the rhyme for heal (https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/heal) is -i:l (meaning "eel"), rhyme for field (https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/field) is -i:ld (meaning "eeld"). The words are not presented as rhymes of each other since field has the 'd' sound at the end. But the rhyme is extremely near, we could consider it a near rhyme by decomposing each word into its IPA or rhymes notation and then checking for a partial match, i.e. -i:l vs. -i:ld. The only problem is when we run into words like this: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/prioritize. We'd have to decompose the word into syllables and then do a syllable on vowel match or whatever. Pri-yor-rih-ti-zuh. My bored quick ties. So perhaps the key is to decompose word into syllable rhymes and then rhyme each syllable (on each vowel).
* Can't discern the user's intention. What about checking for rhymes only at the end of the line (both multisyllabic and whatever), this makes it easier. Most rhymes rhyme at the end. For multisyllabic rhymes we could deconstruct into the IPA (Wikitionary), end rhyme should be pretty simple with the API. But the question is: what about internal rhyme? (cf. Rakim.) It appears that rhyme schemes will be simpler with only end rhymes (either masculine or feminine, or multisyllabic (in a way that transcends words, cf. A Tribe Called Quest and Rakim)).
* Examples: my unusual style, will confuse a while, if I was water, I'd flow in the Nile.
* Back, and forth, just like a Cameo song, if you dig this joint then come dance along.
* Right now I do a one-to-many rapping for words in a phrase. With one big for-loop (all words smashed into one list), newlines taken care of by being individual words in the list, I rhyme every word with every word in front of it. The question is, what about only rhyming words with words in its own line and words in the next line, this will avoid unintended rhymes (perhaps) and reduce unneeded color. By transitive property, rhymes that chain across lines will still be highlighted.
* This synchronous HTTP thing isn't working out so well. Asynchronous solution would probably be better... Ajax requests? Bluebird? Promises? Callbacks? Restructuring the app so that it works asynchronously (each word rhyming and working on its own and highlighting on its own thread)?
* Need to use near rhymes via the API, greatly increases the scope of rhymes, instead of just perfect rhymes, which is what I've been using.
